### RQ2: How effective are the model-structure mutation operators in detecting defects?

The current folder stores the results of 11 mutation models calculating scenario task metrics during 50 rounds of mutation, as well as the distance between the middle layers of the model on different frameworks. The results of different experimental subjects (E1, E2, E3) are divided and stored according to the model type. Each model folder contains two files: "RQ2 eval. csv" and "RQ2 middlelayer_distance_new. csv". Among them, the first column "output_dis" in the "RQ2 eval. csv" file stores the distance of the last layer output of the current round of mutation model on the MindSpot and PyTorch frameworks. The following columns show the evaluation index values of the mutation model on both frameworks.

The current folder stores the results of 11 mutation models calculating scenario task metrics during 50 rounds of mutation, as well as the distance between the middle layers of the model on different frameworks. The results of different experimental subjects (E1, E2, E3) are divided and stored according to the model type. Each model folder contains two files: "RQ2 eval. csv" and "RQ2 middlelayer_distance_new. csv". Among them, the first column "output_dis" in the "RQ2 eval. csv" file stores the distance of the last layer output of the current round of mutation model on the MindSpot and PyTorch frameworks. The following columns show the evaluation index values of the mutation model on both frameworks. RQ2 middlelayer_distance_new.csv

The first column in the file layer_ The name "stores the name of the middle layer of the model, and the following 10 columns record the differences in the middle layer output of the 5th, 10th, 15th, 20th,... and 50th generation mutation models executed on the Python and Mindshare frameworks.
